TourisTopia Travel (Triple T) is an online travel agency that specializes in trips to exotic locations around the world for groups of ten or more travelers. Triple T’s marketing manager has been working on a major revision of the homepage of Triple T’s website. The content for the homepage has been selected and the only remaining decisions involve the selection of the background color (white, green, or pink) and the type of font (Arial, Calibri, or Tahoma).
Triple T’s IT group has designed prototype homepages featuring every combination of these background colors and fonts, and it has implemented computer code that will randomly direct each Triple T website visitor to one of these prototype homepages. For three weeks, the prototype homepage to which each visitor was directed and the amount of time in seconds spent at Triple T’s website during each visit were recorded. Ten visitors to each of the prototype homepages were then selected randomly; the complete data set for these visitors is available in the data file data.csv.
Triple T wants to use these data to determine if the time spent by visitors to Triple T’s website differs by background color or font. It would also like to know if the time spent by visitors to the Triple T website differs by different combinations of background color and font.

I have conducted analysis to addresses the following issues.
1. Has Triple T used an observational study or a controlled experiment? Explain. 
2. Use the data from Triple T’s study to test the hypothesis that the time spent by visitors to the Triple T website is equal for the three background colors. Include both factors and their interaction in the ANOVA model, and use a .05 level of significance. State the hypotheses, test statistic, and rejection rule. 
3. Use the data from Triple T’s study to test the hypothesis that the time spent by visitors to the Triple T website is equal for the three fonts. Include both factors and their inter- action in the ANOVA model, and use a .05 level of significance. State the hypotheses, test statistic, and rejection rule. 
4. Use the data from Triple T’s study to test the hypothesis that time spent by visitors to the Triple T website is equal for the nine combinations of background color and font. Include both factors and their interaction in the ANOVA model, and use a .05 level of significance. State the hypotheses, test statistic, and rejection rule. 